# Bulletin_board_elixir
A bulletin board consists of a list of topics t1; : : : ; tk and users that can subscribe to specific topics and post new information about a topic. Newly posted information is forwarded to all currently subscribed users. The goal is to implement a distributed bulletin board system that supports the following operations: subscribe(ui,tj): subscribes user ui to topic tj. This ensures that user ui will be notified (by receiving a message) whenever an update is posted for topic tj in the future. If the topic tj does not exist yet, it is created with user ui as the (only) subscribed user. unsubscribe(ui,tj): unsubscribes user ui from topic tj such that ui is no longer notified of updates to the topic. post(ui,tj,content): user ui posts content regarding topic tj. This causes notification messages (attaching content) to be sent to all currently subscribed users. Your implementation should adhere to the following guidelines: • Initially, no user is subscribed to any topic. • For each topic tj, a topic manager is responsible for handling the subscription of users and implementing the broadcast of newly posted information to the current subscribers. To ensure fault-tolerance, a topic manager is replicated on all available nodes (described below). It is recommended that you implement this functionality in a module TopicManager. To be discoverable by users, the topic manager for topic tj registers its process ID (PID) under the topic name in the process registry. • Write a module User that provides an API to facilitate the interaction of users with the topic managers. The module should include the functions subscribe(topic name,user name), unsubscribe(topic name,user name), post(user name,topic name,content), and fetch news(). A new user joins the system by executing User.start(user name), which registers the user’s name (with this PID) in the global process registry. • Example: Suppose that four nodes2 alpha@pc, beta@pc, gamma@pc, and delta@pc are running and user Alice executes the following code on node alpha@pc: Node.connect(:"beta@pc") Node.connect(:"gamma@pc") Node.connect(:"delta@pc") User.subscribe("Alice","computing") :timer.sleep(5000) IO.puts("Updates to Alices subscriptions: #{User.fetch_news()}") Meanwhile, Bob runs the following on node beta@pc: User.subscribe("Bob","computing") User.post("Bob","computing","Just found a new prime number.") User.unsubscribe("Bob","computing") • When Alice executes User.subscribe for the topic ”computing”, a new topic manager process is spawned (on every connected node as described in item Fault-tolerance below), assuming this is the first time a user subscribes to ”computing”. Future subscriptions to computing by other users do not spawn new topic managers.
